Express.js is a popular open-source web application framework for Node.js. It provides a set of features and utilities for building web applications and APIs, such as routing, middleware, template engines, error handling, and more.

One of the key features of Express.js is its routing system, which enables developers to define how the application responds to client requests. It also supports a variety of middleware, which allows developers to modify the request and response objects, handle errors, and perform other tasks.

## Installing Express.js
`npm install --save express`
- `--save` is used when installing Express as it is a production dependency that will be required throughout the development process

Once you're done with the installation of express in your project, you can start using it right away. 
Example : Here is a basic express app that receives requests.
```js
const http = require('http');
const express = require('express')

const app = express();

const server = http.createServer(app);

server.listen(3000);
```

## Middleware
Express.js is primarily focused on the use of middlewares. Middleware functions in Express.js allow incoming requests to pass through a series of functions, providing the ability to add multiple functions to the request pipeline instead of relying on a single request handler. This allows for greater flexibility in handling requests, as each middleware function can perform specific tasks before the final response is sent.

To add middleware functions to the request pipeline in Express.js, the `app.use((req,res,next() => {})` method is utilized. Within the middleware function, `req` represents the request object with added functionalities, `res` represents the response object with added functionalities, and `next()` is a function that is called to move to the next middleware function in the pipeline. If `next()` is not called, the request will get stuck in the current middleware function, potentially leading to errors or other issues.

```js
const http = require('http');
const express = require('express')

const app = express();

app.use((req,res,next) => {
    console.log("Into the Middleware-1");
    next();
})
app.use((req,res,next) => {
    console.log("Into the Middleware-2");
    res.send(`<h1>Hello~ ٩(◕‿◕｡)۶</h1>`);
    console.log("Response sent");
})

app.listen(3000);

// const server = http.createServer(app);
// server.listen(3000);
```