Node comes with several core modules that can be used while writing your code, in addition to being able to install external Node modules. Here are some of the basic Node modules and their functionalities:

-   `http`: Allows you to launch a server and send requests.
-   `https`: Allows you to launch an SSL server.
-   `fs`: Allows you to read from and write to files.
-   `path`: Allows you to create paths in the file system, as different operating systems use different path formats.
-   `os`: Allows you to get important and vital information about the operating system.

```js 
const http = require('http');

const reqListener = (req , res) => {
	console.log(req);
	process.exit();
}

const server = http.createServer(reqListener);
server.listen(3000);
```

-   `require([FileName or ModuleName])` is used for importing files or node modules.
-   `http.createServer(reqListener)` is used for creating a server that takes a function as an argument, and every time a request is received, the `reqListener()` function will be executed for that request.
-   `reqListener(req, res)` the listener accepts two arguments; the first one is the data about the request, and the second one is the response that it will send.
-   `server.listen(3000)` starts listening for requests in the localhost at port 3000.
-   `process.exit()` closes the http server once we have received a request from the client-side.

---
### Sending Responses
Once we have received a request, we need to respond to it in order to satisfy the client's needs.

```js 
const http = require('http');

const reqListener = (req , res) => {
	res.setHeader('Content-Type','text/html');
	res.write('<html>')
	res.write('<head><title>First Node Server</title></head>')
	res.write('<body><h1>Hey there! this is node servers responding</h1></body>')
	res.write('</html>')
	res.end()
}

const server = http.createServer(reqListener);
server.listen(3000);
```

This is the basic way of sending a response from the server side. However, if you want to send a more specific response, you can use conditional statements such as if-else blocks to handle different scenarios and send appropriate responses.