When someone sends a request to a Node.js web application, that request needs to be handled in some way. The controller is the module that handles that request and decides what should happen next.

For example, let's say someone wants to create a new account on a website. They would send a request to the Node.js application, and the controller would receive that request. The controller would then handle the request by validating the input data, creating a new user account, and sending a response back to the user.

Controllers are an important part of Node.js web development because they help keep the application organized and maintainable. They help separate the logic of the application into distinct modules, which makes it easier to maintain and update the code over time.

Here are few controllers from our applications : 
`/controllers/product.js`
```js
const Product = require('../models/product');
const getAddProduct = (req,res,next) => {
	res.render('add-product', {docTitle: "Add Products"})
}

const postAddProduct = (req,res,next) => {
  const product = new Product(req.body.title);
  product.save();
  res.redirect('/admin/add-product');
}

const getProducts = (req,res,next) => {
  Product.fetchAll((products) => {
    res.render('shop' , {
        prods: products,
        docTitle: "Shops"
    })
    console.log(products);
  })
  // console.log(Product);
  // res.sendFile(path.join(rootDir,"views","shop.html"))
}

module.exports = {
  getAddProduct,
  postAddProduct,
  getProducts
}
```

Explaining the code: 
-   The code imports the Product model from a file named product.js in the models folder using the require() method.
-   The getAddProduct function is a controller action that renders an 'add-product' view with a title of "Add Products".
-   The postAddProduct function is a controller action that creates a new Product object using the title property in the request body, saves it using the save method defined in the Product model, and redirects the user to the '/admin/add-product' URL.
-   The getProducts function is a controller action that fetches all the products from the Product model using the fetchAll method and renders a 'shop' view with a list of products and a title of "Shops".
-   The module.exports statement exports an object with the three controller action functions so that they can be used in other files.

In summary, this code defines three controller actions for a Node.js web application that render views and interact with the Product model to handle user requests related to adding and displaying products.

---

And this is how we use controllers : 
```js
const express = require('express')
const path = require('path')
const {getAddProduct,postAddProduct} = require('../controllers/product')

const router = express.Router();
router.get('/add-product',getAddProduct)
router.post('/add-product',postAddProduct)
module.exports = router;
```

